#----------------------------------
# Docker Create and Share Image
#----------------------------------

#Step1: Clone the getting-started repository using the following command:
git clone https://github.com/docker/getting-started.git

#Step2: Change directory to the app directory.
cd /path/to/app

#Step3: Create an empty file named Dockerfile
touch Dockerfile

#Step3: Using a text editor, add the following contents to the Dockerfile:

# syntax=docker/dockerfile:1

FROM node:18-alpine
WORKDIR /app
COPY . .
RUN yarn install --production
CMD ["node", "src/index.js"]
EXPOSE 3000

#Step4: In the terminal, change directory to the getting-started/app directory.
cd /path/to/app

#Step5: Build the container image
docker build -t webapp .

#Step6: Start a new container using the updated code
docker run -dp 3000:3000 webapp

#Step7: Verify the container process is up and running
docker ps

##### Local Registry #####
#Step8:Create a local Registry
docker run -d -p 5000:5000 --name registry registry:2

#Step9:create a new tag for an existing image
docker tag webapp:latest localhost:5000/webapp:latest

#Step9:Push image to local registry
docker push localhost:5000/webapp:latest

#check if image has been pushed to registry
curl http://localhost:5000/v2/_catalog

##### Remote Registry #####
#Step8: Create a remote repo
	Sign up or Sign in to Docker Hub.
	Select the Create Repository button.
	For the repo name, use getting-started. Make sure the Visibility is Public.
	Select the Create button.

#Step9: Login to Docker Hub
docker login -u YOUR-USER-NAME.

#Step10:Use the docker tag command to give the webapp image a new name 
docker tag webapp YOUR-USER-NAME/webapp
docker tag getting-started:latest myregistry.com/webapp:latest

#Step11:Push the container to the docker registry
docker push docker/webapp
docker push myregistry.com/webapp:latest